reinaldo wheel is on the telephone line the technician of the team of
Honduras
thank you very much sir wheel to take the call carlos arregui
ciro procuna daniel brailovsky heriberto murrieta how are you doing?
good afternoon a very friendly greeting to profile and for all the fans
here is a huge interest for the game on August 20 on the court
of the Aztec stadium
What will the Honduran team offer here? We all believe
that there is a consensus that the Honduran team will be
complicated for the Mexican team that will offer football that night
set
oo catracho
good of
I think these hard has to be true to what
he has been practicing
this last year or has also detected with us
and well you know what political repression
what has Honduran play and
if we know what a very very intense match is very efficient on the street
to the rival for
because practically the first game of this quadrangular
the one that was going to be copied by for the time being let the players do not think
what
maybe that's where I went from the factor to work in the first few minutes
for the little filming that players have
the kavala lópez the moment the world league difference where they are
the places of honduras
if you consider that Mexico stopped being the concacaf giant
I think that
there are doctors who come from a very strong selection a growing
respect
for everything that is history the publican co
for the infrastructure their clubs colo for the quality of the league
p
I think that
north of where to exit efe
qualifying dfb at this time not when just for playing p
by the way this phase and I knew that pears to take a
a determination a rating later than what I'm going to this
quadrangular
cherro
the very good afternoon, block is implied in some specific cases of
players who are in doubt for this game for example in any case
you have a midfielder
which is discarded
efe the good pair of grace of walter kasper favor but I trust long
ture of
and the harness of broken ligaments as the right to live
lee has attic cheeseman patiently waiting for you
that he recovers soon and
bueeeno apparatus first game buils um palaces that is in england
Brown
this is going to happen through poor ixtapa part of the fortune that england yes
will start the league
a little before the other European leagues
he came to the one
efe assimilating well
because the preparation that is making flee anne the austria
city ​​of bs as back to
Iranian paul
I hope you have then you guys vote for the project that for now
it's very speculative goal to talk about
of conformation of selected for
even though we are at 25 of course because
because the American League noticed that there are players going to be that gore for
to play
he does not know what conditions rafael players are going to reach at the start of the
moke league
why the complex pp hands clear I ask you one more question in relation to a
people in particular chiri del luso get with me the club imos in the
pre-Olympic and it was the best that Honduras presented
us in those double situations of irak I use critics and to start their
World Cup qualifier a hundred more that at that time was being tested in the
Monaco
will be in olympics that will be with you who knows how to defend and take
as in the previous case
p
complex by by so every one around this one
it's about that a crow will go later
not having a work permit
percent or unfair dairy substitution in the common monaco
in the villa as the decision to move to atypical little by playing that had
you your work situation for
for for europe
matte I think that today the situation of the pp in Monaco that has called not
a game
percent and that the poetry of signing it made the decision i
ptf take the olympic games and well you will go through
for the subject that we have electoral Olympic gold were depor to progress and
and if we can have it not to take it into account
if Norwegian a greeting and ask him more than anything official and that have to do
a lot with the beginning of the league to know what he played without cantini time
to be able to work before and that important match against without being Mexican
good yesterday percent
hsbc went with the in the base that the Honduran league that every day is
reducing more
tel
today ideal and old valley
it was a left side it looks like tomorrow it travels to another
the origin of the tomato chile in córdoba vida for the one of córdoba we are going to make
seven days of meeting
trying to remember some concepts instead of doing some ordering
and the kilo of europe the cerecita act any to arrive three days before
some Baleato from December 17 to 18
will be very heterogeneous the criminal to the arrival of the players all are very
complicated especially for the job you intend to intervene so
least make a good game here playing with mexican asensio
with all the cons you have not because the height issue we know
because we also know the discomfort that whatever they could impose and the
done two but be allowed to work as I would like it could I think that
that complicates a little more
7 efe is very complex since recently that proportionally the
programming is not an ideal theme of concacaf with this date on August 20
little bit
for all that approval at the international level
and the players know they are playing their
your positions your
Certainly labor stability we have to be on the side of players so in
possible transfer
some change club others do not change clubs but the club changed tenneco
I mean it does not suit you either
p cut the avenue preseason p
to halo has layer of tdt is the fifa of moke that all this is being done
difficult to the conformation of the injured penta and the definition of what
through the circus for this Nordic game
only good afternoon I am jealous of the command greetings - a soldier lula be dry
I wanted to ask you to take them to know how important it is
participation with respect to his succession
is binding eriksson as a technician of mexico
I opted for percent
you have to let it work, do not worry
for concacaf and paramedic
p locke
than in a grammy
It was a great success that he will have to demonstrate one hundred percent goal in
this competition
He is a man who respects his career
for everything he did initially
percent now in recent years then by england later or what
what's behind italy
p
despite the fact that now we can not percent
rush to give a concept about everything he is going to do with
doctor before he can perform tunjuelo
a his philosophy his his methodology of work
the short time it will take to present
before you already in eliminatory official match if the advantage or disadvantage
for a hard
it's very relative
because it is a factor that other people can not distract us
you know football gives everything
chávez percent and we technicians of misfortune of
of butarque
that sometimes I did not have to take time he said find out the way and we finished well
sometimes we debuted very well
ilie bakes
the one that harms the health of the groups
but that is very relative because
today that was until recently the subject